New Bash history challenge (#295)
commjoen/wrongsecrets: src/main/resources/explanations/challenge17_hint.adoc

As the challenge states you need to be looking for the Bash commands that have been written in the past, what command may give us this?

You can solve this challenge using the following steps:

> 1. First access the bash shell of the container, this can be done with `docker exec -it {Image Name} bash` (Replace the curly brackets and the text with the docker image name e.g. jeroenwillemsen/wrongsecrets:sometag)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Use `bash` within the container to access the history and find the secret:
- Access the bash shell of the cotnainer, this can be done with `docker exec -it jeroenwillemsen/wrongsecrets:<containertag> bash` (Replace <tag> with the version of the container you want to use). 
- type `history` to list the commands used when the container was built
2. Print contents of any .bash_history file within a running container container:
- Start the container with `docker run -it --entrypoint bash jeroenwillemsen/wrongsecrets:<containertag>`
- cat the contents of the file: `cat .bash_history`. Once you have this file you can use grep or any other search tool to narrow down the answer.
```

Reviewer: the rest of the file can be cleaned up.
